Development Environment Setup:

1. Install Node.js and npm

Download and install the latest LTS (Long-Term Support) version of Node.js from the official website: https://nodejs.org/   
This will also install npm (Node Package Manager), which is used for managing project dependencies.
Verify installation by running node -v and npm -v in your terminal.
2. Set up the Frontend (React)

Create the project:
Bash
npx create-react-app secureauth-frontend
cd secureauth-frontend
Use code with caution.

Install dependencies: You'll need to install additional packages for state management, API requests, styling, etc. For example:
Bash
npm install axios redux react-redux @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled
Use code with caution.

Set up the project structure: Organize your frontend code into components, pages, services, utils, and styles directories (as discussed earlier).
3. Set up the Backend (Node.js with Express.js)

Create the project:
Bash
mkdir secureauth-backend
cd secureauth-backend
npm init -y
Use code with caution.

Install dependencies:
Bash
npm install express cors bcrypt jsonwebtoken sequelize pg pg-hstore dotenv
Use code with caution.

express: Web framework for Node.js.
cors: Middleware for enabling CORS.
bcrypt: For hashing passwords.
jsonwebtoken: For generating JWTs.
sequelize: Object-Relational Mapper (ORM) for interacting with the database (in this example, we're using PostgreSQL).
pg: PostgreSQL database driver for Node.js.
pg-hstore: Extension for handling PostgreSQL's hstore data type (if needed).
dotenv: For loading environment variables from a .env file.
Set up the project structure: Organize your backend code into routes, models, controllers, middleware, services, utils, and config directories.
4. Configure the Database

Choose a database: Select a database system (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, etc.) and install it locally or use a cloud-based database service.
Create databases: Create the separate databases (users, apps, rad_tokens, repositories, staking, feed, games) as defined in your schema.
Create tables: Execute the SQL scripts to create the tables and relationships within each database.
Configure database connection: In your backend config/database.js file, set up the database connection parameters (host, username, password, database name).
5. Configure the Blockchain-like System

Choose a storage mechanism: Initially, you'll likely store the blockchain data in a centralized database.
Implement block creation logic: In your blockchainService.js, implement the logic for creating blocks, calculating hashes, and storing transaction data.
Set up the public transaction log: Create an API endpoint and frontend component to display the transaction history and block information.
6. Run the Frontend and Backend Servers

Frontend:
Bash
npm start  // In the secureauth-frontend directory
Use code with caution.

Backend:
Bash
node server.js  // In the secureauth-backend directory
Use code with caution.

7. Testing Frameworks

Frontend:
Jest: A popular JavaScript testing framework, often used with React.
React Testing Library: Provides utilities for testing React components in a user-centric way.
Cypress: A framework for end-to-end testing of web applications.
Backend:
Jest: Can also be used for testing Node.js backend code.
Mocha: Another popular JavaScript testing framework.
Chai: An assertion library often used with Mocha.
Supertest: A library for testing HTTP APIs.
Additional Notes:

Environment variables: Use a .env file to store environment variables (API keys, database credentials, etc.) and load them using dotenv.
Version control: Use Git for version control to track changes and collaborate effectively.
Code editor: Choose a code editor with good support for JavaScript and React development (e.g., VS Code, Atom, Sublime Text).
Debugging tools: Use browser developer tools and a Node.js debugger to troubleshoot issues.
This detailed guide provides 